# cs-330-Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization
In this project to create 3D scenes in OpenGL using Visual Studio, I broke the problem into smaller, manageable components to recreate the night office scene with a laptop, coffee cup, saucer, and lamp. The goal was to identify which primitive shapes could be used to make the items. Then, adding in lighting and textures to ensure the complete scene comes together in the most realistic way. This has helped me improve my decision-making, debugging, and coding skills to ensure project quality. Helping strengthen my skills in modular design and scene organization for 3D environments. I learned to plan interactions between objects, optimize performance, and document design decisions. How I approach development: I first build a simple prototype to test core functionality, starting with simple shapes and minimal interactions, then gradually add more complexity, from the object's texture to light sources. Once I had a working light source applied to the texture, I started adding more objects, since the code was reusable and scalable. My approach to doing each milestone was to complete the basic requirements with only one object, the lamp, then to scale up and improve as the next milestone adds more complexity from the texture and the lighting. Computer science will help me reach my goal of being a software engineer. These courses will improve my coding skills, troubleshooting, and knowledge of a wide range of applications, from full-stack to comps and graphics. Working with computational graphics has strengthened my understanding of 3D mathematics, modeling, and rendering. Even helps understand how to add physics to scenes, including interactive computer-generated ones. Advancing my studies will only support and gain more experience in computer graphics, designing, and development simulations. 
